He has been programming for 30+ years works as agile courch and applicaion development manager for hunter inducltyr. an manufacture of high quality and innovative irrigation sproducts. Also they need high colonic??. ahh his team is originater of mob progrmamming approach. to team work and software development and widdy is considered to be one of hte found er of movement no estimate hash tag discussion on tweitter. Over 15 and plus years, he has been agile courch, application development manager, trainer, extreme programmer/ He believes the code must be simple clean and maintainable. that realize agile promises responding to change. and we must constantly inspect and adopt not mention he is enomous blue grass frat picker, I know did it in front of me. it was pretty darn good.
=================


C" welcome back Woddy
W: It's nice to see your guiltar. Thanks for inviting me on. I should have warn you I changed my job since then. I work for indudstrial locig now . whih is ht premier extreme progamming trainign company. and jos chalioskey's but
C will change hte bio of the website
W I think my years of Hunter was years that I really really treasure, cuase I was given this freedom to let the team discover how best to work. that was very powerful. 
R and hunter is not a technology company. you guys did.
W no they are not. they are not technology company they are manufacture which contains technology. they are manufacture of essentially irrigation and sprinckler and lighting . and so, an but buy line is build on innovation. so that's the big part of what they are : innovating.
R but it also speakcs all of hunter. they would give you room to really experiment wiht development, what they do to the softwrae , I ve got the fieefing sftware deleyndancy.
W yeah, so there are several technology. a teams are deliving software and  a team are I worked with, which was a amazing group of people. ahm, we went from delivering few relatively learge chancks of ya year, into delivering many many projcects, I don't have exact numbers. something order of 10 or mor times amount of works. there was a big reason for that. the way most projets are approched we gonna decde on a bunch of functionality. that we wonna do as project. and to do that deliver it. the wya I would like to work on is, lets find something that have value, we delver light away, and deliver that. So, Once you start doing that .09:12 a wonderful thing happnes. you start stareing toward most valuable things, instead of things stuck on you though of valiable, before you knew much about hte project. it's that hte beginning we know least about the works that we are gonna do. that when we may call dbig decision.
C I had a ah ahm how how should i say politely without offending customer 
W haha
C I had a situation which I really wanted to , I ould tell the customer was . havent done update to their project long long time so it was svery consrvatative they wanna find people who they can trust,  they don't know much about technology  so they realy had to trust somebody, right? So here is what I would do, and I pick some low hunging fruit and and do that. I went home and did it quickly, and came back. in and they are so freaked out by this.
that we .. and actually it didn't end well 
W haha that's sad
C it  almost like, you couldn't possibly like. have done that already. you don't really I gotta message of mistrust
W that's interesting point you are makng that related to the idea what we expect is hard to change. so we expect thing to work in a specific way and when it doesn't work that way it is a bit had to accept those that other thing is actually workng 
C&R yeah


10:25.7
So I actually seen this a couple of time, and its almost like playing trick on somebody but I was asked to do the work very similar to what you'd suggest ing there. and that I took it and got it doen, and I told them i had it ready in a couple of weeks. 

C&R haha
W because I knew if I walk back there and and its like a its too unbelievable, but in this case it's not magic I was doing.
C and you must have just like downloaded something somewhere just cheated 
W so if you get them more than the'd expect then basically, that could be too much of shocker. I am sad to hear it didn't go well fo you because it could have been a beginning of really great relationship for them.
C yeah, for them, but not for me (w)
W there you to
R you are too heart broken.
W but this touches the core of the no estimate idea. if we can get extremely rapid cycle. we a lot of thing we think we need, we no longer need.
 as matter of fact I've even seen where if you get delivering software realy quickly, getting something done, getting it delivered - the pressure goes in other direction. Now the people want the work done hae ot scramble what the next thing the like to do 
it's sore change, but good thing.
it;s like you say about staring car. direction wack the staring wheel,  in a direction ou gonna crash pretty soon. because you are constantly adjusting.
 so it's not the matter of going neccessarily a bit thisway a bit that way. Sometimes, you have to go completely the other way
====================================

C right
w but you can't do that , if you set aside 6month of work and you are dedicated to do the stuff doing it.
R is it a side effect when you make a plan like that not willing to divert from it? 
W that's the fundamental problem. The idea we invested that much of alreayd, 
R in a plan
W in a plan, we've decided on this. therefore, Unless we've openly said in the beggning  we have decided start this way, but strar as we go, pepl's reputation now depends on that you made good decision.
R yeah if you make a decidsion you do everything you can to try stick on it
W yes
R where you can go faster need to slower

W that's a self filffing prophacy. it might take 6 month, or it might take a bit longer thatn 6 month. it might take little less than 6month, but if you take a lot less than 6month, or more, it might not looks o god
C I am intrigued by the idea of 0 estimate, thinking it's utterly impossible.
just because you have to tell something or else they..
W ah, 
C or they won't hire you.
W so maybe one thing I clear up and said, when I speak about estimate speaking about very specific kind of estimate
 we will start with that. i am erally tieing estimate about work. creating some software. so if wer are estimating how long would tak to do this project? how long to take this feature  or how long would it ake to do this chunk of work. that we wannt do next 2 weeks. that's what I am talking about. there many kind of other estimate, but big one you are talking aobut is how long would this cost, for this whole project . yah, it start start becoming, so if you narrow down to it just about the work, it doesn't mean 0 estimate. I can give a good exmple, of osmethig I had to estimate over and over. which is legitimate. the budget comes in for the next year, I have team of 6 people, how much money do we have to have, either available, or ready to be avaialble, to sustain that team for a year. I can esimate that, because I do't know exactly what it would cost we we might lose somebody. We might hire somebody, we might need some computers, what is the latest computers coming out, we know we need to upgrade oprating system or dev environment, so I can look at one of he possibilites based oflast 5 year. So, that' the estimate I found useful.
but
R mostly it hast to do with peoples wage>
 W in that case, it has to do with, what is the viablity probably, the wage
R they can turne that one head too. if you say, you give me estimate and I say how much we ca get to
W that's right. But say, how much of software we can write.
is the different thing. 
C it's almost sthe same thing.
W software is about discovery process. 
RC right.
W and if that discovery process is this it's not so easily pin down as "how much desk do we need.

C then woulnd't be discovery any longer imveing one thing to the other 
W we have a configuration system we can make a webpage based on that so we no longer writing code, but in early days, you are around for a long time, spinning up a website was not easy thing. pepl were hand writing html and wthey are if there are any interatcition on webpage, it was big deal. to thing to figure out. well we Figured these things out. 15:31 you know so do we need to write code those same thing over and over, we don't .
no, so once we get good on something we don't need to esimate becase we don't need to do it naymore
R so, so key part of this is becase you are able to deliver so rapidly so estimateing is basisically waste of time.
W yea... yeha, so, it kind of comes down this. If you are estimating a chunk of work , based on things we know when we know the least about the proejct, how useful of those estiamte gonna be? 
CR right.


W and even bigger part of this is, if we get, lets say 3 monthes of somethihg, how much of original thing we thought we needed to do, are we still needeing to, and how many new things we didn't even know about it then, are we needed to do, so, even if are the estimate rather accurate, about original idea of the work, we gonna change the idea of the owrk, as we start working on it.

C absolutely. that what happpen

R  this is mostly about a development ment team to understand the buisness? undersstand the particulat domaing space?

W ahh, that's the strong insidte right there. Because the way I would like ot approch the work, is rather than say, is this small enough to work on, i wnna ask some quesionts such as do we aunderstand what this is, how much of it do we understand, do we understnad enough some part of it to actualy work on it. I also wanna know, can this be decouple from the rest of it. So, can this part be done in isolation, not from the part maybe we have already done, but for the part we still wanna do.

R so that it can show value on its own? 
W yeah, can they show the value on their own.
really, is does it pottentially show their value own. because we already know the value to it to actually deliver it.
i mean, if this is on film. see me smiling, because almost ironic they think we can guess the value of something, I am not talkign about esptimating value, but in that senario, we need to visit the next.


17:29
CR hyou are right . 
R interesting point, we often developers done't are wild  when software we come up vwith
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
C no we have no idea usually
W I often see value of hte software potentialy value of the software highly, exusallirated, so that project get into funcing. and then later on if ther are enough scrutony, that way we really way to controll cost, but are we proving we are getting value.
R yeah, it's almore easiler, i mean I always work on webscaring space, often ecommarce , where the revenue model is so clear. when you made the site, twice fast, it made more money, same content, same page. Speed matter. people bought, bought more.
18:13
those clean corelation made it super easy for us to get budget, I mean you coud see absolutely sucking the shave off in growth of the revenue much more. it good take 3 months to do that implementation gonna share, but that's nocked off, but are right. You are ean it out in 6 months.
W I hope most software bring values  like that. and we know many project don't that's always what driving this. One of the building project..
R I have already convenced they don't. it's harder to measure.
W it is hard to measure. Oh, it's great saying,  ah, my Russel Acuff goes, "because manager cant' measure things they want, they learned to want thing they can measure"
R interesting. Yean
W so we get this focus on, doing things we can easily observe, as being better that is what we strive for, instead of things we can only sense.
R right



W and I think actually life is that way. it's very hard to measure the best thing about life. and yet
C well you got that right.
W yeah, how far can we go with this? I think the result is we need to get better sensing wonderful. instead of measuring wonderufl. Can we do that? I think a lot of the companies do that. 
R right.
----
C this portion of the dotnet rocks is brought to you by Stackify. card against humanity.  20:16
http://stackify.com/
The picking was intruppted by .... minidump?
----
R All about instrumentation of the software so that we know how it's behaving really sense of the value of it.
W That brings up really good point. that until we have osmthing workin,g there is nothing really measure about software anyway.
So I've actually worked on the project I am usre you guy as well, 3 months or 6 month, it get delivered, you get some tracking it, so that you know the usage, but nobody ever use that thing. 
R right
C who decision was that wright software ? and then, why didn't we find out earlier?
R before it wrote 
C how this this thing far end to it?
R did you find that really affect developers, have the software not used.
W yeah 
R that really matter to them
W yes
R since they write it, so it need live.
C that's the godd point.. whne they are asking you how long does it gonna take, do you say, aske me ask me after the first week
R ahh 
C do you just simpley say, you know, we've done the sprint, this is how much we set out to do, this is how much we've done.no w take a look at this in big picture, we might get a better sense, and we know farther along, more sprint we do then we do get more accurate the estimate gets, is that work for you,

W yeah, now that is one of hte approach ppl using. thats not exactly my approach. and reason is sort of what we've discuss. early on , we can't really know how much work we need how manyy of this we think we need, are we gonana need to code, so if we say, if we really do this 50 items, it takes us 2 of the item a week, then wek now how mnay of he week we gonna take this do this, but I am looking for a very least amount we can do, and have a value, this is sort of the idea, I wanted to be self funding. onece you get the project tot hepoint.
the values coming in.for it, we pay for further develpment, then you can conseptually, spin up more and more, development capability, but if you can't find that out quickly, so you can't lok in to future. estimate is about trying to determin the future, how much will it cost how many pople do we have to hire, when cau we deliver, how long would it take, and thats those are things we can't control. if i just say, it's embarassing thing almost to me, we continue to think we can control dthose things . over many years, I think we demonstrated we can't. should we control those thing? 
because it might be like we are saying, it might be blocking us, that we can do much better things get if we stop tryng to control, those things. There are something better tto control.
23.36
R what is that/
W baseically, we have a environment where great things happen. so working on system, instead of working on inside of the system, how exactly we do things, we have a better things get things done.  so I like to think of this way. if we system put the system together, put the environmetn together. where ppl can do awesome thig they gonna do awesome things. because everybody wanna do awesome things.
 R Sure


W but if we don't put them in that environment, or don't allwo that environment to exist, everybody are using the energy to just to get through the day.

============================>>>>

C right
W we don't wanna use up their energy just maintaining our sanity, we wanna walk on the where our sanity is no longer our problem. no matter how much pressure the project might be under, every body has to work ahm, with a certain calmness and crtain full ness of their life, or their ups gonna be lousy. 
R Deathmarching.
W Deathmarching (0:24:38) more pressure you put on the system that is under pressure or worse what else can I get? and yet we traditionally doing 
R continue doing until morale comes improve
W Yes! does it ever worked?
 but ppl tried over and over again.
R I came in as a hired gun on a team that have been deathmarching for 6 month, they've been working in weekend and eveyrthing, and we start met everybody, look what's  going on, and guy said, "what do you think?" I think we need a weekend off? I said "Step one. Doors been locked, everybody go home. You may not work in this weekend
W yes
C yes That's right.
R I amnot saying  you can, I am saying you must.
W That's powerful
R and you can start from there.
this is creative work. You can't beat your self into creativity.
W yeah, that's good point, becase at some point weneeed to have a energy, life energy, to bring the best to work. and if we don't realizein that are draining it , and I've been on this project people are expecitng to put together tigar team. and tiger team are expecte to work entire weekend. if you got sleep you slept on floor. and you are expected to get sleepy 
you know, I am lik ,how can we get this done in time?
we are are trying to solve some big things. but that's not gonna solve them
R I alos think ahn describing in this way, there are two direction we can go , we gonna do something, the quest ion is closer to the solution, we are further away from it
W yes
R it's not any contribution will contribute to toward the goal, 
you can definately write code, that will impare progress. 
Now I have to take some time to remove htat code, to make progress.
W Oh, yeah, hta'ts reall good point to
R that's nasty trap to get into :26:29
W yeah we are gonna say every line we gonna add to the project is trouble 
you can get to the point to nobody can work any longer.
I've been at least hand ful  of these. at least we need to start over 
It hasnot even been brign that into production.

R different language. It's a guy in the coner in the room "That ruby on rail has problem"

W and in sme cases you might. you kncow but it is the point is we should never our code to get to that 
R haw we get here in the first place.
I realy like this idea, but couple of thisng taking away from this. first is, everyone need to know wha'ts valuable. understand the business, and understand the potential of the project as whole.

I've difenetly dealt with the organizuation where there is a product manager, and they are the only one who actually need to know the value prop, and trying to treat the rest of the team cog in ta machine. you will build this, you will build this, do not ask why. just build it.
I think it is really imparing. Not know ing value proposition. had everybody thinking about how to provide value.
C you know the problem is, we are all control freaks. aren't we
you won't get into development unless you are some kind of OCD control freak 
R yes, that's the other. what should we control. lets control our urge to control thing.
C totally. you have to buty that

R it can be very difficult. because most of us get into software dev at all level. 
because of the autonomy we get. nobody can really tell you how to think. we each think in a own unique way. and we can say ., hey look I get through this. just leave me alone for a few days.
we bury our head in it. 
R we lal they that .
W the end result can be good. but it does not mean always good. and it can be bad
C end result can be good, but usually, even if the end result is bad, we have good time. because we controlling thing
W lets hope so. 
because i also seeig that buautexness he is from here norway, that is, fear of losing ocntorl is what make change difficult. but control is often illutions. but fear is very real.

C sure

 W I kinda messed up the quote, but that's basic idea.
We know the fear is very real, but we don't accept the control is illution. so we need to take that step
C if we think about htat, fear is illution too.
W and probably fear is illution.
C it may feels real, but it is what it is.
W  there are a lot of things I don't understand, about environment of software development. 
so I have to just accept what being they are. 
but there are something I've seen .I have a full confidence.harming the way what we weork I want them to speak about them. 
you know in the early days, speaking about, talking other people about estimates. 
I would notice estimates worer part of system that is in place that is problem. estimate themselves are not problem. 
the problem was why we wanted estimate. so that what I wanted explore. but when you try to bring that up, no we just need to do the estimate.
I've had manager actuall ycomes up say, I need your estimate. I said, these estimate wont' mean anything. cause I don't undersatnd enough. I still need them. I need plug int oth e system, so that we cna do the plan. so, that to me.
R I am asking for inaccurate data, so that I can extrapolate from it, make a llumption! (0:30)
----------------------------
C Its time to estimate how many estimate we have to make before we can estimateing approximate amount of time before estimate to be acculate
W Sounds about right
R That's really inseptionist estimate there
W I often see this someone would say, lets take a how long does it gonna take, it take two weeks, you mean, two wekes exactly? well no, two weeks give or take a few days.
Now giving we gonna give arranged that's potilat thing, say, how confident are you ov that. well about 75 percent
estimate of estimate. 
R You gotta 3 level of estiamte
------------------------------
C How is the mob programming is going for you ? we did program yeas ago

W that was 2 years ago. You know I left Hunter, one day, we are there, there was something I needed work on so I mention to them and I took a card, we always have this 3x5 card, wrote this down, put it on the board, which is a magnet, then it went oo n finishing the work. Evenrone have some idea nad ome one neede to do, we just caputure it and finished owkr we are doing. We are alswasy doing this finishing osmethhing. then they got there, and they went to the board, what should we work on this, then look at my card, well, we should do this  first ,because it's about getting evetying organized. Pull it down, worked on it, about 3 hours. and whole time they didn't turned to me, they didn't have to ask me anything they didn't ah, there was nothing broking thme getting things done. I 'ts kind of my heart think little bit, I don't think these guys need me at all!
:35
R ahhaaha
W I took them lunch, we used to goto lunch every day. said, lets find really compelling reason to stay. it's probably better for you if I go, it's probably time for me to try osme else, so, what the've done sinte are puttling this internes, they brought in small group of interns, they gonna run two mobs, now in there, re-arrange the work space, and I thin k the y are doing mervelously.  I think aI gonna visit them next week.

Rcoo
l 
C I don't remember if  i asked you before, because it was a couple yeas ago. Can you reproduce that environment remotely?
R we have
C you have.
R So, I've actually worked in remotely moves. it was not qutie the same. 
C but in some cases, it might be a little better thoush
R It has some advantaged. you have to have right tool to in place to do this. so sharing the screen is one thing.  be able to edit on it is nother thing. you have to have some good tool to allow you to pass the keybard around so to speak.
but you can be very focused, and very ah, affective remotelydoing that . as long as you have big enough block of time.
Because you can't doing 10min chunks.



R sure
C one of the things I found with go to meeting particular, it is really easy for people to steal. the contorl when they didn't intened to
W yes
C did you find that out too?


W yeah, an alot of the tools are that way. maybe we gonna get some advanced quickly beyond that. You have to have a protocol. smeobody have to say, you jsut using environement. You can accdientally, mess things up.
you have to always you know hwat pat madick? is? he's been doin this thing called Ruby steps. omthing like that.

where the actually doing remote work. it's mosltly to teach people. he's really great. if you 've never interview. 
They've got work really sophysiticated. I think theyve working pretty well. 
Pretty good. Remote and other thing, which is right, really good collaborateive tool.
I am trying to get back to the core consept of not doing estiamte, because you re delivering it so quickly. 
W yes
R I got my team, and I ma getting them imformed by main, the relaly understand the potential of the project, what's going on there. then they need to sort of work out. some tasks. what we gonna work on first.
W yes
R Then I see a matrix of value over time. 
W yes
 R here is the really valueble thing which takes long time to do, here is something that is 10% of value, but it's 1 % of effort. maybe doign thie first. We think we tend to grab the highest value things, but irrespective of effort.
W So , knowing what effort be trick you apart
R really about estimating.

W If you  look at somthing, and goes, I completely understand htis, and it's decoupbleable from the rest of this.
it's belong together, that's something I am looking for. There is the sthings what you are asking for actually belong together, or the y just peripharely related to each other 
So if it really belong together, which is idea of cohesiveness, if they really belong together, yeah, lets work on it. and if we find it's too big, as we wanted start working on it, then we split something off of it. But so idea is we no long have to judge, is this just small. we just have to have judege, this quality. because if it does. it's small enough to wokr on.
R right 
W so we've try to say, if we do this big thing then it gies us a lot of it. of the value . we do the slow thing, those gives us a little value. that's decision we no long have to make.  what we are looking for, is the quality, that is almost. end up with something small enough to work on. then we can dliver it.
C usually things that triping up is value whne trying to estimate amount of works. effot that will be required. is ther unknowns technologicall unknownes. like, Oh, this ks something we don't exprence with  we gonna have to do some research first .
what I tend to do, first chop off those researdh take a whole week to do that, and after the week ,. we have a better idea of how much owuld it...
W just like we are doing prototype, 
it could be very small, prototype. Interesting thing is software is of ten things I've written this prtotype? They can get deployed*(:40) So, if you have get some good quality, then start from prototype judge for your self, for do I have a quality wyere needed to be, to delivered. and if will, then we can move on.
yeah we can lessen the risk. of how long would this take by investing some some and learning about it.
that works. because that would add value on thing. cause I am not looking for the most valueable things , because how we gonna judge that.
I am looking for something htat have potential value. and if we really get good. they we can deliver quickly. if we get good at that , well people bring this example. well, we are making airplane. we can't deliver wing, we can't deliver just an engine. ok, sure, there are some projects which gonna be that way. 
R It has to be a whole. 
W they have to be a whole
R you don't have to build the first plane or 757.  
W Tha'ts right. 
R it could be a smaller plane. 
W it could be easiliy, so, so we can block we can block about the think about goodness. of other possible models. byt using the most obvious example is, where wouldn't work. ok, I buy that. but if we are designing new air plane, and mean time, we can get some improvement on engine, and they could get changes on current air plane we are building. so, they are often in a way they can be innovation on stuff we already have . this is a complex topic, we can go on hours
R sure.
but things is important one. You will still have pressures estimate. how do you get that pressure to come off.  Just delivering? you there is a period you've expecting. tof igure out estimate. in that time, are you delivering code.
W I started realize over 10 years ago. and I wa called in the project in complete failure. they couldn't put it was proeuct in production for many years already. they've started some new fitures on it. and they cou'nt even put bug fixes back into production, because it broke so much of the code. and there are source conrol system wasn't so good.
so, point was it didn't matter what they estimated. the thing could be even deployed any longer.
so, I basically went in and ask question that  Iwas kinda saying can you show me somehing small part can I understand. Now whne I ask for small part, thats when people can conceive. that's not really estimateing small. I want them to show me what I can undersatnd. so once they start showing something I oculd understand, then I can start working on the first thing we did was we reverted back to the day, the last known build , we are able to get last known functioning build.
that really thorw away a year workth of work.
RC WOW
W because there was so much of them was not working. do you wanna go and bug fix all of these tstuff? or do we wanna get back to something we know it's working. and then, now we can start delpoying bug fixing. they nI asked them. What something if you had till right now? you will just love to have right now. 
R That's the future.
W And they wanted to have estimate all of the stuff, but when it come down to, they are able to say, if we can have this week, that would be great. 
C yeah, right.
W then I 
C totally similar to my issue. situation
W and then we compare that down. ok , we ahve 5 things and if I can stand them all, what if I took one of them, things.
then ok, what is the least we can do on that? so this is 80 20 rule.
C low hanging fruit I call
W it's kind a like a low hanging fruit. but we gonna learn, whether it's low hanging fruit
so once we deliver that, actually had estimate and everyting. once we deliver that, we went on the next one. then after about 5 items. they stop asking for the estimate. 
R are you winning trust? Isthat happening this prorcess?
W it's trust in the process. picking off a little bit, and getting it into production. 
R you knew handed in this. what they want the estimate for. actually?
I mean, is this just a tool to be use to beat you with?
when you can't make it?
W well, that is the most evil use.
I've actually done with where people write donw all of their views of estimate put them up. I saw one saying, "to fire somebody" 
R yah yah.
C wow
W So they had share the story, how they puposefully, make sure they had enough ammunitions to fire somebody. 
R right.
making thme maki a estimate thay are not capable of making. 
W yeah. 
R once the numbers on the sky, then they hit it.
C then all of the sudden, there is no more estiamte. after that.
that's the one way to hit the estiamte.
W so but the end result of that paticualr thing was, I didn't start out.we not gonna do estimate I just wanted to get the project rolling again. 
C give some idea how long would this thing (estimate) take when you chop them off. 
W rather than take on small thing, lets look on other qualities. They will understandble, ad they can be decoupled that are discreet. that they are recognizable, as something belong togther.
R and often I think of why don't you this isn't code. 
W oh that's good point.
R your tallking about delivering value. right, when I started to understand the whole space of domain of thatparticular problem they have, there is another way to solve this. this isn't already solved? bring something in, intrust dress 
it's like a reporiting system. how long this would take to right respoirng tsystem. well if you one report you want, we can do ing that without writing code. you know, because there is tool to do ing this.
how much code do we need to write for this particular report, why does it have to coded at all, why do we have to estimatign at all. I got brought in performance tuning rung on a site, and they are budgeting, tell me how much of the month you gonna need to there, and I plug the cdn into there site, off loaded bunch of work and went faster, that day, 
why would you write code. 
you know, site, goes faster, don't take method, 
W so there is a question I would ask. then if there already seeking, code, they think they know the solution alrready. so we need ask that question. do you want us to solve a problem, or do you wanna tell us solution we are gonna implemented. Usually the solution cannot be defined upflont. we need to 
R its alreays come with you with texpected return
C wait a minute, isn't agile the solution for all?
come on now
W this is the beauti yt o me of agile. it set of guide line, for us to think about. how are gonna do our work. it's all noting in ther to demand. we do anything specific way. I think ther was a couple of things hit to that.  ealy in often in delivery, we can implement that any number of ways. 
I think in this conference ogtta alots of sessions things like continureous delivery or deployment, thingsli ke security, wich is really really imortant, bigger chuncks of things we need to solve. I am big fan of continuous deplyment. that's solve a lot of problems we can clik a bottun get somthing deployed, that makes pauls to do all of the rest of the things. 

R or make all of the stuff faster.
W so, first of all, knowing you guys going to be here, when i was invited.
I love the invironment 

