0:00:28.0
0:10:41.7 
0:11:02.5 that brings us tim huckby he is not only original gust of dotnet rocks, but but his also industyr ruminaly forcusing on user interface NUI
encompasseds NUI and touch and jesture and NUro interfaces mr huckby how are you
gentleman, aI am doing well hos ware you dgusy

posed to the future
where do we strat 
do we start from the hololense?
0:11:52.0
bring us to that kinect for windows 2
well, there are a sight calamity i gonna have to try to avoid that are negative they run aout of kinect sensor?
no i didn't know
their consure division of the microso tis temporarry shortage of kinect v2 sensors we are not talking only windows. we rare tling aobut xbx. yo ucnanot 
it isquite frastrating for us because we have giant pirate coming that require numoraus kinect devices it looks like end of march is the first availabeo of those thing
good news is we have continue to invest this magical 200 dollar devices in in the egeerin coms bak
 jow dropping awesom 
tim syou sure also say that kinect windows device no longer exist, you have to use xbox controller and 40 dollar adapoter 0:13:34.7
they have prently of kinect for windows adaopter available on the microsoft store
actural sensers re gone
 they made a easier of themselves, that is identical to windows devices they have usb and adapter thing allows to plug into the windows devices.
since we have already talked about immotive and tan li and how awesome she is, 0:14:09.5 ah, like everyboty to know iemmotive head set second generation weebeen talkign aobut over the eyar is has stilln ot shiped,
ship adn drip and drab backers. is that right?
that would be news to me I peeked in one a month
by eh way your description of the use cases is completely valid. legitimate we are decade away from command level thining 
altimate solution dream i have is some one in ms or paralapregic his or her wheel chair by thinkgin about it.
howe ver ibeing said, the emotional tracking significant.  they alreayd have that. on the video there is a guy driving immotal head set 
yearh, did you see hte end they are freaked out and hty coudl n't really control it
that is the use case nervana.
the motive thing is really to me emotional tracking obvious usecase for me i all engineers listining music all days it would be really use case immotive to track how they are feeling musinc while they are coding acynoninum type of solution. until human brain can be trackiged and translate to command.
0:16:15.7
things that occus to me is we are always loloking at one device to do to interprete in tumdoum eye tracking and htougth tconntrol together so you are looking athing and thinking and yeet tracking 
just add hte layer of are you sure doing this thing is 
they go ye wier yo uthought of something and shit start happening.
haha can you sey in this show?
0:17:03.1
no it is itneretsing you gring up the point we comes up in the som uch for software side ofthekinect for windows.

we are doing emotional tacking now by looking we can deptermin whether or happy or not.
if they are happey wecan push content on the force to 
woking with brand and CPG consurmerbehavior
 it is facinatign stuff we can 
whe is then ew project for now ? can you tlak about the new aplication/
ten I hould paeril krinex and coke pepsi those are genrailly called bland 
CPG is conusmer Packaged goods.
anyway, we are wlking with these company it's facinateing we are developing interatictive digital sinage with kinect camera that prvociede content in menay forms of coupons, just a vide of advatisement, based on what htye see. What that mean? the demographc tracking  at the retail cost.
you know the kinect device si 200 bucks 
we hveinbest d 3 years of engieerisng with a lot of trig and culcuus into figureing out race age and gender.
based on the campaine which is ofetten cause 
we now react based on racial age and gender profile. you know itneresting? they don care about me you and richard all of the bland and cpg are wabout is milleniums
the brands dont care about race anymore in generic term, the world is getting browner. mixed race is taking over.
which means tremendously hard for us to do racial profile. they don't care aobut racial profice, where 29 years ago, they really care.
there are expceptions in the poecket of the world, los angels is one of them. there coming in hispanic middle class that are miliniums and they are very infrulencible they are pusing ing target advaticinsg 
they re interingiove poprsoses . htye we ararget diet pepsi ad and all done with this magical device os kinect .


0:21:12.1 I kinda wonde what the heck you are looking at kinect is stick figure.
carl you have to lugh at too, skeltral trakcing is certainlyg the easilsest hting to program in .et 
we always focus on skeltran trakcing . I always lookat gesture pack too.
but Kinect does other magical stuff specifically  the infead camera nad depth camelra if you convine all of them tgehter
Kinect is througing data at you. you are just reacting at it. when we convine all camera ttogether, we can figure out where the humans are in the range of the kinece deivce, and new kinect device can go 30 feet. we we can figure out the closest human figure, and from there is tis really easyto figure out where the face is that is the where we asre straat taking pickutre a lot of them.
theat data is through out on hte cluud in 2D in the coloud, we have asure  we hav func tip services all func and trig, taking profiles filled in 3 d models doing all demografic profiles. in doing it software realtime way and sending back to the client.
0:22:59.1 it is really cool software figureing out the zealot at the door trying to singing me up for this and that religion and or cult of somehting:
you know, 0:23:11.1 i hope that was joke. If you can profile partickuar religon and all dress the same, all calling inn the gbook in the same hand yeah, sure we could carl?
0:23:31.5 let me tell you more ligitimate usecase.
we are span off separate company we make essensially transparent refreagirator freezer screen grass of the door is hd cpable, transparent touch screen.
we are running the software in the transparent screen it means we cand o thing reall y sinple thing. running ad s nd games.
and detect when someone get close, because when they re close, we are wanna make it clear.so that they can see the inside. that is the simple use case.
0:24:32.3 
if i ma lookign at lime beans i don't want to see coke ad  i wanna be able ssee the lime beans, and miss the corn and green beans and tuff.
it really exciting when you do the demographic proficle. withint the lost of privacy the most of north america. we don't know who you re, we re just know milenium we are raget energy drin at you
becdause enage  drinks are huge multi milion dollars market targeitng millinums. Of cause who is the muleniums. baseically harlf of the age of uand me.
0:25:28.9 we are tlking about children.

 so we can deptermin peopls' age. in your algolism .
with accuracy yes. we took sol ong and it wasn't accurate. 
now we cand oing in the accuracy. and all brands care about is whether or not millinum . and it got 10 y ears of range.
so we can pin you donw in 5 years we can pin down if we get gooood look at 
so if I get to that camera diet with show me a scale and diet pills and mmaybe some celoly
we have this killer demos we can kind envisioned jow dropping thing. it has been seen by ceos 
demo you woalk in front of thing and demographically profile you.
Tim you are in 50 and male, and with confidence level 
to answer your question. we call vanity mode. cheat mode
we can screaw the metrics and y
I can profile you as skinny and 20 years 
awesome sign me up
oke done
how we battle with toe creempynewss ?
0:27:45.8
exactly. yeah that's huge
i have not got into that identity thing. you have not touched that crryp part
sience nad enginer ing is awesome but there is privacy law for reasons
if I am consure , there isn ot way to hell to I am going to be agree witn northtrim website 
and opt into tracked in the store.
Iwould never do that
gess who would? My wife
because for 40 p off? she woudl say sure, watchi me 40 p off for kids dhows
I ahve not going int othe creepy part. which is facial recognition nad facial identity identification.
that's actually easier than doing demographic profile
differencing is basically in faceing recoginition, using mid year picture some way shwpe perform, we essenstially partern that tip
Identificaiton we hava a power though. not that we aredoing this. we could, with tech we could easily accomodate sue case  where richard wonders into his local 7 11  rechard and zack wonderi nto 711
we have avility to say ricahrd have een there before. and we have avility to say richard always buy coke.
0:29:49.7
the future of reltai touch senaril all of cpg and brand want, they want to track my wife in the norstrims.they wanna se what she buy, and what she does not buywhen se look at something twice, 
they wanna push her some instentives get her buy it. 
right
hey rechard>
you know what time is?

0:33:04.2  Tim want Hololens Tim gets a lots of emails. Rechard want it good in dev mode. 
Carl said he heard from the internal Hololens team that the released video accurately represent what it is.


 0:35:02.7 I wanna jamp back to me walking dog. I do walk my dog and I useally walk into the neighborhood starbucks
and the stuff there know me I don't have to order my coffee anymore, heck they see m coum around the cornder and tie up my dog, they start making my coffee.
yep It's the way you descripbed whole recognizing me and dadddadaddada! is not different from the local starbucks.

c: year richard there something different about it because it is not human if you walk in to the drag store, hay rechard you should buy preparation h for those hemmorides  how do you know I have hemmoraids what else do you see on my body, that's the question what comest ot mind . How do you know that!?
r: that's people projecting behaviors on the machines the only know is because they bought the stuff before.
ok what if it says hey you should od somthing on that scar on your abdomine so it is obviously looking inside of mty close and seeing me you know hwat i saying?
t: you can fall on all creepy we are not gonna look inside of the close
c: there is no reason not to!
0:36:10.6
T: plus there is priciy law. however, i can give you many use cases that would totally make sense and you and rechard would do. oh frankly, if richard goes to the starbucks. in iddoono toronto, you get the same ype of the customer service. you and zak got into the air plain, and once you get to 20 feet, they can start making the order. you know that is the ytpe of the thing that is valuable as ricahrd the consumer.
c: there a way to do that now in the way i am thinking of is when you walk in the door and scan the card takes a picture of you so then the ppl know by the time you get up there what you've ordered last  what you would migh like to orde rthe next.
t: which leads me into the what I casullly mentioned in the opt in senario when you have in the local installed application on your telephone on your ios or android telephone, with low power blue toosth in the cnvination of veacon devices we can brow away the geo fencing thing, we can get procximitly,  inside of the air port. the use case I was lestinaing yesterday, one of the largest credit card companys in the world. was business traveller wondering through the airport,  with a previleged account on the credit card in the once they get close to the clog they push the message to the phone you know notificdationk not hte emai not txt message, notitifcation, hey, you are within the geo do you realize your credit card privileged  allow you in here. that I would opt in to to do.in the hartbeat.
c: Yeah, that's nice
r: yeah.  because you don't particulary wanna go into and ask. do I have privilege go in here or not.
t: and frankly, do you honestly know what is your credit card privilege is? 
r: baerly.
t: seinfied does. but I don't .
0:38:31.5
c: I like that becausei t does reduce frection. rechard and I always talk about thing that reduces friction.
potentioal disapointment to be turned down at the desk no you can't come int o the club
r: yeahk di don't need extra rejection. I get that enough from my wife.
0:38:52.8
hahahahah 
oh did I say that out loud>
you should take that bak
I take that back I love you dear.

r: but you know the ah, book paradox of choice. looks like exactly that. if we bred to be more powerful force being, there is more oppotunity to being used.
 and having tool to aliviate that to that is 0:39:23.7 pretty complelling. 
c:very
t: I keep coming back to. I looove we can do this now , instead of muti billion dollar metric security system, we are doing that in 200 dorllar device.
I think this is awesome. In highlevel language like .net. I think this is beautif.

r: to me this is occupancy sensor. someone who has to deal with provisioning and configureing building and stuff, you wanna know someone is in this room or not.
occupancy sensing is really hard.0:40:00.7
in this thing not only pretty darn confident if someone is in the room or notthere are alive, you can even give a shot of what they re doing.
t: it's one of those thing too this demo I told you about there is demographic tracking. has a science in it. it's something you really has to see something you have to setp in front of.
so I probably shoud do the quick little developer video and you know, inter knowldge vimio site, so that by the time we publish this. because people who are inerested in this would freak out.
0:40:34.1
it's so freaking cool
c: I wouldl like to se the room. that can hold a hundresd of the ppl with multiple kinect all aound counting ppl so that they can see, and then some sort of service that put all of that and give an acculate count.
that would be fun project.
t: well, frankly, digital advatizingthing they are asking us to count people who has look at ad, and how long they look at it. we are building this analetics big deta thing in clud and azure, that would be gold minefor some people
right ? so we are limited to the kinect to you can only see 6 pepl at the time.
I think that is where we are going.
we cound that closeset track 6, we see when the yare looking at screen, when they look away, whether they are happy, they aren ot . all of that type of stuff
yah I agree daysie chaining thing, things are relatively inexpnsive, to geigy chain them and absolve large body of people like a build converence
wouldnt that be intereting? Oh by the way, you people looking scot guthrie saying,  this and red shirt bu the way, we are using kinect device to see you are happy you are.
0:42:05.5 with our today's announcement. and throws all stats and bautiful data visionlization. this oh you looks like pretty happy.
hahahaha that would great demo and stuff. people in that audience, they gonna be all happy if they are into programming and .net and youniversal api.
hololense and lal that 
r: I get the counting, and looking, how do you do happy? 
t: well, not well. hahhaha
hahaha
in carl if you ever play that particula api, it comes kinect you can foool it. I don't think that is significant but honestly prand and cpg don't care. You can fool it and pretenidng you are happy. by forcing fake smile.
you know it basicaly math, rechard, by looking at your mouthand it looking at up turn
0:43:05.4
it is deciding it's syaing mostly smile means happy. I believe.
c: tim have you tried hold up the picture of face. and put that in your face? 
t: ahahaha yeah, of cause, we've done that a lot of those things. in the testing we do it's heroirous. after hours of testing we've put on fake beard sunglasses, you know, you've try fool the tying
we put brad pit on stick. have profile 
as you well know kinect does not get fool by that. hahaha 
kinect basically treats as a skelton which we've alreayd start the conversation. it's figures out if it's human by the scalton rewords from there. pictures are so 2D, we just look lik mash. to our software.
when you have 2d picture brad pit. Richard, we treied everything. it's craying funny moment.
c: if you put an halloween mask, to fits good. 
t: If you have some 3d to it. and the mask is reallystic enough, then I bet, you can get demographically profield. we do the confidence.
tim, you are male, and I am 80% confident. tim you are 50 yearso old I am 60 percent confident about it.
c: Tim your complexion is a little rubbery today! 0:44:52.8
t: yeah, well, I do have to.. back to the creepy thing? Another issu in this stuff is simply in doing testing on this thing, just generic usage testing I do the disclamer, to someone walkes in front of i if you are uncomfortable being proficled older than actualy you are, or profiled in the gender you are not acturally are, then do not walk infront of this thing.
right? my lovely bride who you know well,  carry we just celebrated 26 wedding anniversay, she would never step in front fo that thing for fear it will tell everybody her actual age!
hahaha
0:45:42.8 I was just lookign at the product that are making around that was pair of glasses frame that are highper reflective to those cameras? so basically white out your face in the process. regular life, you lookg normal just a pair of grasses. Under the eyes and ccd you face is blowed out.
t: interesting
c: oh I saw taht
t: anybody who doesn't wanna be facially tracked, for example there is a lot of facial identification in airport, you know that fate of the world dictates ithe inair port. security has to look everybody.
just assume that. if you ever wanna fool any facial tracking system, including ours, you just tilt your face side ways.
all facial tracking starts with even palallel plain of eyes. yes, you can get a pairble plain of eyes, then we can faciall trac you
r: wow
t: yeah, I probably shouldn't have said that. 
0:46:45.9 
r: but also what hapen to the guy wearing eye patch?
t: yeah that would be really difficult. no confidence. you know , or the guy wearing sunglrasses, heavy beard. yo know if you are wearing heavy beard it's reallyhard for us. to tell that youare white, 45-55 canadian.
it's rjust realy hard.
r: cause it's just breaksu p the line of face.
t: well it's jsut the analization of so many component of the face  makei up the metrics by which we apply the math, if you can't get all tof htei nput you are not gonna get the right output.0:47:26.3
r: we are alking about you can go back to the emotiv conversation. we have whole idea of as long as you are lookgn gat one given sensor, you kind ataking a chance you gonan get erronious data. you don't compare your erorojious data to good data.
 I kinda goes to fusion. whidh militaryis sreally intero this f22, and d25 all of thse defferent sensor, so that they can discard erronious data.they have all of the composiitonf of data, and highre confidene.
0:48:00.0 some of these you are doing in kinect you are optical lenses as well as infored stuff to try putthis together you gotta be amasing to got to the few mor senses not that few more kinect senseor somposes data together.
t: and letps be honest, using 200 dollar kinect camera todo this. ahm, as carl will tellyou the invironmental whick the kinect set up really affect how accurate it can be. it's altimately infored device.
so, it hates fulelcent light. our lab, we are testing all of hte software we build, in our lab, it's like ton of florecent to get the parfect senario, well frankly, they can't. we can't in this offie here in office, we do not have a perfect environement for kine just because of the lighting. becuase florecent light wash out of face. if you arei nt ophotography, and I am bearly dangerous in it.
ahm if your face is washed out, kinect cannot give a good look at youl. in our confidence is not good right?
c: tim I found that in skeltonal tracking? old kinect device didn't work well under frolecent light and didn't worked at all under sunlight. And I found those two thing to be totally different with kinect v2. I found that incertain frolrcent light situation, they works better than anything then also, if 9you find yourslelf having erorros and droppping down bitrate, anything like that, open the window.
0:49:47.7 get some sunlinght . it does the trick for me for skeltonal traking 
t: I am glad you said that. I, I think anybody here in interknowldege engineers can figure out what is the prescription is for hte neew device. we are doing that too. we are actually introducing camera lights to light up your face stareing at the right at the kinect device seems it looks better. so I don't know that the rhyme of reason is either.
I just know , we judges based o nthis confidence metrics we send back tot api. 
c: Sunlight works, and I'd tell youl  what else, I had program what I wrote, that was charged with overlaying on skelton on video. I was having hardest time geting those a) to sync up, b) to be fast.
as you know, if the firstable don't use the multiframereader. tha'ts piece of junk. basically, and I got this from the team, the wya to do int to use the body frame reader and for eveyr frame you get, then you go grab the color frame.
right there in the body frame reader grab the latest color frame and then use both of those and you'll be 30frame in second all day long. you'll be fast.
so I actually wrote abstraction tool called kinect tool. which is free and on github, calfrankly, is my name, kinect tool has the thing to abstruct that process.0:51:30.4 
it's like a multiframe readerthat give you the event but all all works it 30 frames per cecond. even in fairly low light. it's wonderful
and I ofcause very familiar what your kinect tool product does. it's awesome. 0:51:46.3 
r: where can you run this thing. with those control of light? it's sounds like the mall is impossible. 
it's ah, eluded to it also. this is so powerful. the brands cpgs really don't care about accuracy. You know engieners who lookga t our demo?
they wanted to be 100 acurate eveyr freaking time. they hate the demo because of that . but if you put cpgs they don't care if it's half right.
they care about if if you are 50 percent right, and they can target the conetnt at you, that's the oportunity for conversion. Ah, conversion is buying something.
meaning if you lookat it, then you are bought it. that is called conversion, in this world.
   
c : I have an naother annoucnement. Jesture pack, opensouring .probably as of now

t : awsome. Now get it work on linux.
c: no, somebody else can do that .
r: hahaha
t: that's another project jsut came out of r&d. we are probably running out of time. lemee quick about this. 0:53:06.3  I saw the nervana of kinect eesterday here at interknowledgie 
 we have build ah , kinect tracking on in ios device on android. we are shubbing data to the blue toosth, just trebeah head kinect.
why the world we ever do that ?  why would you do that. engineering playing out. our usecase would be argumented reality. in stead of , rechard, it's totally stacy's world.
so instead of standing infront of giant screen, and kinect painging the close on, me, foreveryone to see, we can do it in your android device you can see the stuff on your phone.
in the cloth.
C: we've been doin that in Signal R. in Pwop. to get into the browser to also get onto other devices. you know signal R is just a generica socket based api works everywhere. 
T: yeah, my ignorance kinect device usb 3 because shows data so quickly, i wasn't awas of low power blue tooths can transfar data so quickly.
it does it in realtime.
it quite awesome 
c: I am a little soured on bluetooth. but maybe it gottne better.
t: we all hate bluetooth. we can't live with it, we can't witout it.
c: I can live without it.
t: remmber nfc was ball prama never a soft ware starndard and starbuck bought own nfc thing and now I hear nrc is dying because of it. It's not really cool dechnology
you know fax fax is awesome technology build int ht 90 still relevant today.
r: if you are lawyer.
 right.
that's the show ? I think so
Time thank you so much I wish we can hang out more. 
awesome we spend enough time together  gentrlemen
  



 
