Steve Mellor 14:02 2015/10/03
intro
future with IoT
Specifically industrial structure
what it mean when 
whati sindustrial internet, what is industrial reference 
archetecture
specifically, what it mean hwat it 
distincugis from indsturial intermet. 
what industrial internet consocial is doing

Microsoft is memeber of iic
THere is great deal work to do, I would encourage you to work 
different working group
take a look specificall exampel of test bets
what is japan is related
Questions
Iot  <--- manyu
Industrila internet  M000 several.
Test Bets <000 a bit
-----------------------
Lete begin Industrial internet
3 waves 
	wave1
	Industrial Revolution
	connected power connected various places
	pople often think iic as manufacture
	but break thorugh is connectivity
	industrial revolution lots of distructive chains
	no longer conncet famrs and city
	fundamentally changed our lives

	wave 2
	internet revolution this is again connectivity
	again this is distructive again
	url is invented simply find a way to refering document over SERN
	SERN people he did not imagine buying ticket/ calling taxi and UBER

	+ wave3
	connect obtth and industry
	there are many many buzz words in iic. 
	at the bottom in this physical worlkd, we have cencers much cheapers than 	used to be all connective ty He is horrified using phone in Jpaan
	Machines talking to Machin and not only talking to Machin and cencer
	and that machine is connected to eanternet
	another layer, store data in that machine
	more inporatntly, how to use that data 
	failuer in machine optimaize machine failrure
	predicition, and improve the control.

That fact that computing power for cheap.
bettermodel in physical world
	
	from physical to cloud consistantant connections.
	advanced transformational 

1. keypart is "tranformationla business outcomes."
2. it is inst really what it mean instdustry. What is Industrial Operation?
    answer is "I don't care"
 
Similar Technilogy Drivers

Different Business Drivers 
	For consumer adquent quality matters
	While in industry yo uhave to gurantee certain quality of service
	similariy for consurmer security is concern. but not much
	while if some one hacks some chemical plant, thats bad
	
it is cost. for consumer the price has to be reasonably chosen
	while, industry would like that too. but investiment can be chosen
if we can by spending more have resonable efficient, industrial operation can be great return
ivestivment in market propose new product
how big that opportunity
if you have been really into iot, not only tehcnical worl, you have propbably seen.
From GE in 2002. First thing to undestand is too small to read. Second is it doens't matter. because thses are estimate. what they try to do, is just estimate 
total GDP it itself is hard to estimate. Total World Gdp
advanced and developing country, and then broke down more and more.
These are the industries that COULD be affected by indsutrial internet.

the sum of the growth devided by the whole dbp is 46%
1 % efficiency in each industries.
3.2 cho en (something rather)
even if the 46% is not accumplished but even a half, still a lot of money
for healthcare, it' number is much bigger
----
in the bottom up estimate for car crash is also 

Collisions <--- car crashes are costing US a lot. 
Just one percent improvement would be really big. 
Google self driving car did one accident which is human error.

----
Healthcare
about lives 
Massatusatts started last year connectig integration 
Oxgen meter -- Respelorometer
imagine you are hospital with small child, child moves, these devices fall, and alerm go off.
as of ansxuous parent you expect, nurses comes aroung, but nothing happens. because this happens all the times.  if we conenct thse deivces, we don't alerm at least 30 sec. just goes to tell it need to be fixed. If both are off, then alerms.
keysthing 
cardigac, drag level, grucorse 
connect all these things together, then it has potentials

What is getting a way?
different area speak different languages.
academic talk different languages from businesses.
technoogiest speak different, aenginners speak different language too.
--> IIC Mission

"To acceslerate grouth of the industrial internet bu coordinateing ecosystem initiative to connect and integrate objects with speople, processes and data using commn archtechtures, interoperativeiltiy nad open standards that leads to transofrmation businesses outcomes."
ATT, CISCO, GE, IBM, INTEL

what I care is "Transformation businesses outcomes."

18 month ago, there rae 5 members today more. 200 now
I would like to point out many of the ma re based in japan.
Thinking of jp companies They are also global companies
in fact the fujitsu representative of iic is french man in calfornia.

I would like to see more smaller japanese companes in the iic more.
------------------------17:08 2015/10/0517:08 2015/10/0517:08 2015/10/05 ここまでやった。
What DO We do

anything sig iot needs lots of domain knowldege

different technoogies

- collaboration -- iic coordinate eco system.
- interoperataibility -- iic provide technical references,open standards
	iot has many names, internet everythings
	that's ok in the beginning, but is is confusing. in the market.
	make the common vocabrary. 
	vary easy way to get interoperativity is open standards.
	I love Power point, but they don't execute.
- experimentaion  ---  iic Testbeds
	
	
- new businesse models. -- iic process
newkind of systems have differenc risks.
iic is working 
	Echosystem 
		3 members
		1. partonersyps (big and small companies_
		2. thought leadership (we need to make clear how to each indivisuals fits in)
		3. bring in different industry verticals.
			- to ally to express the requemrenet in the lower level of the platform.		
			- to find coommon knowleges nad solutions we don't end up with many words
 
	Open Engineering TEchnologies
		we can acheive interoperatability
		open secure private architecture
		we have produced 100 pages of archtectures document at the highlevel		
		
		
	Testbeds
		we need to test, architecture, standards, usage scenarios.	
		
  	
	THEN
	Process = Innovative Products | Services | Metholdologies

-------------------------------------------
IIC Working Groups
- Marketing Working Group  forcust on Eco system 
  Healthcare, Energy Retail Throught Leaderhip Marketing Security
++ TEcnology working Group  <-- Open Engineering TEhcnologies
++ SEcurity Working Group	<-- Open Engineering TEhcnologies
	Open securre private architecture 
	Distributed Data Managemnet and Interoperatbility is actually managment 
	Industrial Analiytics, using data and gather meaning
	
- Testbets

0 Business Solutions Enbelement  <-- Process 

（（（（（（（（（（（（（（（16:14 2015/10/0616:14 2015/10/0616:14 2015/10/06 ここまで
I am focusing on the middle ++ only this time
++ TEcnology working Group  <-- Open Engineering TEhcnologies

Charter to efine and deveolo common carchitectures, by selecting from stardands available to all, from open nneutral, international, consensus organization and verivinw relevant technologies athat comporise the exhosystem that wil lmake the industrial 

So far, we have worked on only in the red boxex
1. Use cases
2. Framework
3. Idnetify elements
4. REference architectures
5. Identify technologies
10. Volcabulary

Identifying gaps. is not done. what is missing. from that we feed back to 3.5.
there are second feedback to test beds. We want to get to the places "Recommend adoptions"
it is not clear what is reocomended adotpion. 
In the highlkevel of the archtecture
	4 main areas
		1. key system charactistics
			Resilience (connection fail over)
			-----
			Security, Trust & Privacy
			-----
			Safty
			-----
			- System(requeirement, usability usage, contact, business model)
			- Engineering (actually building that system)
			- Assurerance (mostly testing and validation and compliance)
		To some degree, these are contradictory
		2. overall archtecture 
			IIC does not develop the standards. We hope to use the exising standards.
			we have chosen to use ISO to describe archtecture
			Bis View  < -- probably in the cloud
			-----
			Usage View
			-----
			Functional View
			-----
			Impelemtation View

		3. functional elements architecture
			Domain decomposition.
		
		cross cutting structures  that wioo go vack to key system charactristics

-----------	(tangent: I would lie to purse and explain ...)-----------		 
Purpose of Reference archtecture = 2 parts
	1. developer who can look at the picture, what I care, what throw away
	almost kind of checklists
	2. help identify what we have and what we do nt' have
-----------	-----------	-----------	-----------	-----------	

What about Seucrity and Sefety
THe framework will establish best practices and be used to identify security geps in existing technologies
	the goal is any technology works has to be security point
-----
Safety
	

TEst beds working group.
	into operations
	iic focust on improvel finding partners
	but test beds itself is owned by sponsors. IIC would help, but onwer is spoinsors.

	IIC expects 2 things form you 1. Markeitng *say, we have this kind of test beds. 2. access to the some of result.
	obviously, you might want to keep it private, that is your property.
	but to be iic testbeds, something hast to come back.

What is Test Beds? What is used for.
Controlled experiementation platform.
nearly compfroming iic reference architecture. 
So test beds explore new way. 
 most interesting when they fails. that meas we need new standards.

New product and services and methoologies.
What kind of testbeds are there.
 -all testbes are member driven - typically multiple.
 - must relate other iic work, especiall yseculity and architecture
 - Some test best are "horizental" technlogy driven, supports multible markets
 - Some others "vertical" driven by the market.
 	they typically foruced 
 	- Conditional monitoring and privictive maintanance. 

What can we doing in Japan 
2 areas Japan can contribute: 
		1. Incremental improvement--Over the 30 years, japan did consistantly. Connect the existing product to internet
		2. service. more ad more selling data, physical device is less important -- that applies business modle
		
Thinking outside of the box?
	invension 
-------------------------------------------	



		


	
